---
title: "Phoenix"
description: "FRC Team 4533 - Mount Pleasant, SC"
paige:
  search:
    hide_page: true
  style: |
    #paige-collections,
    #paige-sections,
    #paige-pages {
        display: none;
    }
    #paige-title {
        font-family: 'Origin Tech';
        font-size: 5rem;
        text-transform: uppercase;
    }
    #paige-description {
        font-size: 16pt;
        font-weight: normal;
        margin-top: -10pt;
        margin-bottom: 2rem;
    }
---

{{% paige/image src="splash.jpg" alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true
class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem"
loading="eager" process="webp" width="100%" %}}

<hr/>

## Our Team

We are a FIRST Robotics Competition team operating out of the East Cooper Center
for Advanced Studies in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Originally known as
Wando Advanced Robotics, our team was founded in 2012 and competed in FRC
officially for the first time in 2013. Beginning with the 2022-23 academic year,
our team has rebranded as Phoenix. Throughout the year, our team's members learn
and apply advanced skills in design, fabrication, programming, and other areas
while creating robots that compete at a high level.

## How do we compete?

Our team competes in FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC), an annual contest in
which participating teams work throughout a six-week season to build and program
a robot for a unique game. Through participation in FRC, students gain relevant
experiences in engineering and programming with mentorship from industry
professionals and develop vital skills in communication and leadership. Each
year, our team competes in regional competitions across the Southeast, with the
ultimate goal of qualifying for and competing in the World Championships in
April.
[Learn more about FIRST Robotics Competition](https://www.firstinspires.org/robotics/frc)

## Sponsors

As a nonprofit organization, Phoenix relies on corporate sponsorships to support
and grow our team. Our sponsors are vital in covering robot and operational
costs, as well as helping to support our travel and competition expenses.
Sponsors are featured on several team materials, including our robot,
merchandise, and competition pit. We welcome and appreciate support of all
kinds, including monetary donations and in-kind support. All donations to our
organization are tax-deductible. [Sponsor Us](./contact)

{{< paige/gallery class="rounded-3" images="sponsors/*" process="webp" type="grid"  >}}
{{< /paige/gallery >}}
